Sarah what are you doing we're on
vacation let's go play come on right now
you and I vacationed life let's get it
are you wait Sarah Sarah this is my
boyfriend John and that's me
Sarah DG rhymes with peachy if you're
new around here we are two youtubers
attempting to take one real vacation
wishes left
how's the donut hmm you know why shoot
oh look how pretty it is really
delicious
I don't want your seafood my god
Oh
right
[Music]
guys we have arrived I'm gonna be honest
that was very difficult for me we had to
stop like five or six times coming up
yeah but hey we made it we did make it
conquered it isn't that beautiful up
here there's a cold breeze Oh God we're
just a bunch of youtubers takin a vacay
that's it
and we're filming everything along the
way and that's fun that's it that's what
we enjoy but I will say there's two
types of youtubers on this vacation
what's that John he edited all of his
videos for this week and uploaded
everything so he doesn't have to worry
about anything I didn't get ahead I got
one podcast done I usually post like two
videos but you know I'm just gonna get
one done so a little bit of work will
still have to happen but I'm cutting it
off at one so I can really enjoy myself
you know
topper vacay it's difficult for us and
it's the first one I think we've taken
since we started dating I think it is
like a proper vacay with out I'm having
to work exactly cuz we do a lot of
things we're oh a company will send us
out somewhere we have to make videos for
them or something for our channel and
complaining about it which is amazing
it's amazing but it's still work you're
still hunched over at your computer the
whole time so this is nice this is nice
nice break I was sweaty and now I'm
already kind of drying up yeah I'm gonna
try to get some film pics going down
would that be the money that's like my
new favorite thing when you go to a new
place fill up a roll of film I'm sure
you fill up
I started off today was realizing that I
formatted an entire days of footage
mother nature's revenge yeah it's like
Sarah you've put in the city - so I'm
gonna punish her Hannah pfeiffer beach
there's the last time we go they're like
no sweet nectar and we're like yeah but
oh my gosh this is like crazy to make
everybody feel like they just can't
[Music]
so we're on to the next location we're
headed to Carmel it's so peaceful out
here I feel weird talking at my normal
volume but I just want to say thank you
away for sponsoring this video they have
been a longtime sponsor and look are
they beautiful we have so many away like
there's just it's kind of ridiculous so
Jon that's my name so not only does it
waste fun it's fine spawn Khan spawn
Khan I also just a huge fan of their
brand in general so I tweet about them a
lot I share about them a lot so you yes
my birthday he bought me what do they
call like the totes or the box
everything everywhere bags he brought me
in everywhere bag and I was just like it
was easy because you put it on your I
know what are you tweeted about it and I
was like nice thank you but anyways the
point is they don't just have all these
luggages so the actual luggage come in
four sizes and many colors but they have
so much goodness outside of that as well
so you guys need to check it out link in
description below and guess what away
always hooks up the peachy champs all
you gotta do is go to away travel.com
slash sarah for $20 off these also come
with a lifetime warranty so if something
breaks they're gonna fix it Shh okay so
let's go away to our next location
[Music]
okay so we might have just spent a few
hours in Starbucks but you know work has
to get done it's like man I love it and
it's fine I think that's the balance you
have to strike cuz like we like making
videos and doing stuff I've been
enjoying myself I watched four episodes
in office last night that was epic bad
that's the epitome vacation you've lived
it it's like one outdoor thing and then
tons of indoor chillin to Harry Potter
movies
oh yeah we're getting into Harry Potter
movies I've never seen Harry Potter
literally in my entire life so he's
gotten me into it
how many we're on the fifth or the six
now we're on the six now we're on the
six oh so yeah we haven't fun but today
a video for me has to go up so that's
when I have to kind of like put my foot
down get my video uploaded and then two
and a half days of pure fun exactly you
know I believe in you
[Music]
we out here we are so this is mission
ranch like a ranch slash farm situation
there's tons of sheep so pretty look at
it but apparently it has gone through
like 17 different owners and this
beautifulness was about to be turned
into condominiums like apartments and
stuff and then Clint Eastwood yes that's
right be Clint Eastwood was like no I'm
not having it and bought it and turned
it into this epic place where people can
stay but there's also an awesome
restaurant to go to very infamous
restaurant since me
[Music]
1:17
- tomato stop let your tongue cute
instead of offices wishing I was having
fun you are all heaven
[Music]
Branson faster
Sarah what have you learned on your
first day of vacation
you shouldn't trip and faceplant turn
around I heard you didn't quite cry
though well if you can tell but I have a
sty on this isoh this noise a little bit
swamp they had too much fun in the beach
yesterday got some sand on my eye or
something
so last night a spider fell from the
ceiling when it was dark fell on my
chest I was wearing like a v-neck I am
done with the cabin life